we present a new algorithm that transforms any 3D representation into Artist -Created Meshes (AMs), i.e., meshes that mimic the shape and topology quality of those created by human artists in the 3D industry. We teach models to generate AMs that are aligned with the given 3D assets and can be combined with existing 3D asset production pipelines to transform their results into AMs in a manner that can be seamlessly applied in the industry pipeline. The algorithm is based on the shape condition condition, which can be derived from as many 3D representations as possible to serve as a condition for training the model and serving as a training condition for optimization of the model. We demonstrate that our algorithm is free from all previous ises, enabling seamless integration of the generated results into the 3d industry pipeline and into existing pipeline applications such as games, movies, and the metaverse. We apply our algorithm to a large dataset of 3D models and show that it can be used to train and optimize models in the same way as existing methods such as Marching Cubing Cubes and Remesh, which rely on dense faces to reconstruct 3D meshes in a reconstruction manner, ignoring the geometric features of the models and producing meshes with poor topologies. We also demonstrate that the algorithm can be applied to the production of high quality 3D images in games and movies and demonstrates that it has the potential to replace manually created models with automatically produced one s in the3D industry and reduce time and labor costs by up to 50 percent compared to the current methods [42, 16, 43, 51, 12, 53, and 47, 39, 39]. We also show that our method can be integrated into the same 3D pipeline as the MarchingCubes method and into the Remesh method and demonstrate its efficiency and controllability compared to previous methods [44, 72, 2, 3, 34, 31, 41, and 44, 72]. We discuss the advantages and disadvantages of our algorithm over existing methods and discuss how our algorithm could be used in games, films, games, and metaverse applications in the future. The algorithm also demonstrates that our approach can be easily integrated into existing mesh -based systems such as 3D reconstruction and 3D generation pipelines in games, movies, games, metaverse, and other 3D applications. In particular, we discuss the potential of our method to improve the performance of the current mesh based pipeline and demonstrate that it is able to solve the problem of automatically generating AMs from a large number of different shapes and topologies in 3D games, films, and games. In addition, we describe how the algorithm is capable of solving the same problem as existing mesh based models and optimizing them for optimization and optimization in a similar way as previous methods and demonstrate how it can also be applied in other industries such as movies and games, and we discuss how it is possible to use the algorithm to train models to produce AMs for optimization in the next generation 3D pipelines in the third party industry. We discuss how the algorithms can be implemented in a way that is compatible with the existing mesh pipeline and with existing mesh generation pipelines and demonstrate the use of the algorithm in the current and future applications of games, games and films, and how our method will be able to enhance the efficiency and control of the mesh based mesh generation pipeline in both games and games and in future applications in both the games industry and in metaverse 3D industries. The algorithms are based on a set of generative models that mimic human artists and are capable of producing AMs with the same topologies as human artists. We describe how these models can be trained and optimized like human artists using the same algorithm and then apply them to the same mesh pipeline to generate 3D maps and other objects in the real world and in the game industry. we also discuss how they can be automatically combined with various 3D mapping pipelines to create AMs of the same shape and color quality comparable to human artists, which is similar to that of human artists by combining them with other models in games or movies.